thanks for meeting with me I appreciate
it
and I don't know yeah I am serious
I'm sick of doing the show to be honest
with you really sick of it okay well for
me what I do in my career is I like to
draw like things from my past you know I
mean like think of something that upsets
you as a child or something like that
like emotional pain and like emotional
pain like things too you know oh all
right when I was in high school I was
manager of the shoe department at the
clothing store and I never really felt
appreciated so that could be something
that Dad that's a start it's not you
know you know what the worst thing that
happened to me I think as a kid is it
was my first day of junior high school
my dad got a new briefcase and so his
old briefcase was sitting in the kitchen
on my mom said I have a good idea you
should put your books in the briefcase
and the first minute of my first day of
junior high school I walked into the
school cafeteria and with my briefcase
and these big kids screamed at me
hey briefcase Joe you can use that as
your rap name a briefcase Joe this same
takes like my weakness and turn it into
two yeah so straight yeah then you turn
your negatives into a positive I like
that I can do that I mean you should be
writing all these things down honestly
man yeah let's put it on a paper with
pens
I just tried to think of things that
rhyme with Joe because it's briefcase
Joe and I was thinking like the word
like go rhymes with Joe right like moe
like if somebody's name was moe right
doh oh that's good like they call me
briefcase Joe I got a body made of pizza
dough you know believe that a body made
of pizza dough yeah I got testicles
it wasn't yeah I do have those yeah
I'm like a Eskimo I go to Mexico with my
vegetable text it goes yeah yeah yeah
there you go
I got a garden hose cuz that's clever
because it seems like I have prostitutes
living in my garden it's good enough
it's good enough yeah but you know the
gang no see but I am and again right now
reach down deep inside you and like
always make your life seem worse than it
actually is worse yeah you could take
like little truths and just stretch them
as far as you can good I mean yeah so I
what I should say maybe is my mother
chop me up and put me inside the
briefcase and then mailed me to the
school yes yeah Zach okay
yes so I'm in the briefcase like a
hungry man dinner I was thinner back
then that's why I fit in it my mother
spit in it and sealed it up and closed
it don't lock it mom Octomom Octomom
Octomom yeah yeah no no no she has
nothing to do with this actually it's
not good enough I could try to like no
if you don't like it I said that it's
not good enough no dice I'm saying it's
just that I ain't mad at you okay
good I mean I'm mad at you no I'm saying
yeah no I I feel you know what I'm
saying yeah yeah yeah it's like you know
I'm saying maybe something like this
maybe you could say something like this
yo here I go they call me briefcase Joe
I'm flipping and skipping the ripping
and dip and I hit him with venominon in
the month give him an enema then hit him
up right in front of the cinema skinned
them alive rocking the party as soon as
the women to bribe then imma drive a
stake in their heart and support lemon
in the eyes like something like that you
know I mean like just oh yeah all right
so remember just you know kind of rock
with it you know just your natural
rhythm just let it let you know later
okay go free
yeah okay okay good yeah this one's
going out to all my homies in Compton
hey Dee do you know anybody do you know
any prompting from Compton no oh okay
all right let me try it again
yo this one's going to all my homies in
Sherman Oaks I know people there
hang on once again oh oh all right
new inspiration thank you
yeah this going out
two jerks from junior high school who
called me briefcase Joe and guess what
now it's come to pass that it's true
yes um yo here I go they call me
briefcase Joe I write my lyrics down for
a keepsake yo on the microphone here the
beach they go you could be the rapper on
the DJ yeah my lyrics just a rough like
a volcano everywhere I walk when I talk
they know I'm flipping and dipping and
ripping and ripping I hit him with
Veneman in them and the enema get him
alive team is women arrived I I'm
driving sleeping it hard yeah yeah nice
yeah
you know what I'm saying
I love listening myself I really love it
it's crazy yeah you sound good man
thank you you want it here you got it
briefcase Joe is in so Big Ups to your
briefcase mm you are done son briefcase
hey hey wait up